update(schema registry): Add Protobuf bundle option (#2973)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/data-integration/schema-registry-example-protobuf.md

### Create Schema

To enable the rule engine to correctly decode or encode Protobuf messages, you must first register a schema that defines the structure of the Protobuf message using the Schema Registry.

1. Go to the Dashboard, select **Smart Data Hub** -> **Schema Registry** from the left navigation menu.
2. Under the **Internal Schema** tab, click **Create**.
3. Enter the **Name** of the schema, for example: `protobuf_person`. This name will be used in encoding and decoding functions.
4. Select the schema **Type**: choose `Protobuf`.

3. Select a **Creation Method**. There are two options:

   - **Input** mode (for simple schema):

     - Select **Input** as the creation method.

     - Paste the Protobuf definition directly into the **Schema** field, for example:

       ```protobuf
       message Person {
         required string name = 1;
         required int32 id = 2;
         optional string email = 3;
       }
       ```

>    - **Upload Protobuf Bundle** (for complex or multi-file schemas):

Reviewer: Since this page is a particular example that uses the "input" type, maybe it could be confusing to have this alternative that does not apply placed here?

Author: Since there is no other place to put this information properly, I just added a note under the step for the moment. In the future, I will see how to reorganize the contents.

     - Select **Upload Protobuf Bundle** as the creation method.

>      - Click **Select file** to upload a `.zip` bundle containing your `.proto` files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Click **Select file** to upload a `.tar.gz` bundle containing your `.proto` files.
```

>      - In **Root Proto File**, specify the entry point file name (e.g., `person.proto`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - In **Root Proto File**, specify the entry point file name (e.g., `person.proto`).  This file **must** reside at the root of the bundle file.
```
